I'm writing a letter to a friend.
Hi, Fred!
It's been a while since we have been in touch. How has your semester been?
I wanted to send you an email update to you let you know how things have been going during my semester abroad here in Málaga, Spain. I've already been here for six weeks, and I feel like I am finally adapting to the culture. I'm also speaking the language more fluently.
I arrived during the first week of September. The weather has been very nice. Even though it's October, it's still rather sunny and warm. In fact, I went to the beach and swam in the Mediterranean Sea earlier today.
I am living with a very welcoming host family. I have my own private bedroom, but we eat breakfast, lunch, and dinner together. On Sundays, we eat a big home-cooked paella for lunch. In Spain, lunch is usually the biggest meal of the day. It's also very common for the people to take a midday nap right after a big meal. I am actually just waking up from my nap right now!
On weekdays, I take classes at the local university. There, I met several native Spanish speakers. They have been very kind and patient with me. At first, I struggled to comprehend their Spanish, but now I understand most of our conversations. They have commented that my Spanish has improved a lot since we first met. Now, I am more confident to use the language in other places like stores and restaurants.
I am so glad that I decided to spend the semester here in Spain. We have an extended weekend coming up, so a group of my friends and I are going to travel to France for four days. It's so easy and inexpensive to travel internationally in Europe. I love it!
I look forward to hearing from you soon. Like I said, don't hesitate to stay in touch more often.
Perhaps you could even come to visit! What do you think?
Why is Patrick writing to Fred?
He is writing to Fred to give him travel advice.
To update Fred about life abroad.
To wish Fred a happy birthday.
To offer Fred a job in Spain.
How long has Patrick been out of the country?
Patrick has been out of the country for one month.
Based on the letter, Málaga is most likely located on the coast.
The best definition of paella is a common meal.
What does Patrick do from Monday to Friday?
He offers English lessons during the weekdays.
Go out with friends.
He is taking college classes at the moment.
Where does Patrick plan on traveling during the extended weekend?