Keith recently came back from a trip to Chicago, Illinois. This midwestern metropolis is found along the shore of Lake Michigan. During his visit, Keith spent a lot of time exploring the city to visit important landmarks and monuments.
Keith loves baseball, and he made sure to take a visit to Wrigley Field. Not only did he take a tour of this spectacular stadium, but he also got to watch a Chicago Cubs game. In the stadium, Keith and the other fans cheered for the Cubs.
Chicago has many historic places to visit. Keith found the Chicago Water Tower impressive as it is one of the few remaining landmarks to have survived the Great Chicago Fire of 1871. Keith also took a walk through Jackson Park, a great outdoor space that hosted the World's Fair of 1892. The park is great for a leisurely stroll, and it still features some of the original architecture and replicas of monuments that were featured in the World's Fair.
During the last part of his visit, Keith managed to climb the stairs inside of the Willis Tower, a 110-story skyscraper. Despite the challenge of climbing the many flights of stairs, Keith felt that reaching the top was worth the effort. From the rooftop, Keith received a gorgeous view of the city's skyline with Lake
Michigan in the background.
Where is Chicago in the United States?
What sport do the Chicago Cubs play in Wrigley Field?
Why was Keith impressed by the Chicago Water Tower?
It is the tallest building in the city.
It supplies water to the entire population.
It is the only remaining monument of the World's Fair.
It is one of few landmarks that survived a historical fire.
What event was important for Chicago in 1892?
Wrigley Field was constructed in 1892.
The Great Fire destroyed a large part of the town.
The World's Fair took place here.
Jackson Park became open to the public.
How did Keith arrive to the rooftop of the Willis Tower?
He took an outdoor elevator.
He used an indoor elevator.
He climbed the building's exterior.
He walked up the interior stairs.