The Grand Canyon, one of the Seven Wonders of the Natural World, is located in the state of Arizona.
It is also a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Formed by over 70 million years of erosion from the Colorado River, the Grand Canyon offers a spectacular view. The canyon spans 277 miles in length, up to 18 miles in width, and it measures over a mile in depth at its deepest points. Carlos always wanted to visit the Grand Canyon, and recently he received the chance to hike some of the trails and take several panoramic photographs during his visit.
When Carlos arrived at the visitor center, he watched a brief movie that taught tourists about the Grand Canyon National Park and the geological history of the canyon's formation. Later, Carlos followed a hiking trail to become even further acquainted with the canyon. While walking through the trails, Carlos saw some tourists riding donkeys to traverse the canyon's ridges. Throughout his hiking expedition, Carlos used a map to find some of the best hot spots for photographs within the canyon. He revisited some areas at different points in the day because sun angles and lighting can make a big difference in the quality of a photo. Carlos was very pleased that he got to travel to the Grand Canyon.
He loves hiking and photography, so this was the perfect outdoor experience for him. He posted all of his best pictures on social media, and his friends were amazed by his breathtaking, panoramic shots.
All of the following is true about the Grand Canyon except:
It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Its measurements are unknown.
It is one of the Seven Wonders of the Natural World.
It is a U.S. National Park.
What geological process best explains how the Grand Canyon formed?
An earthquake.
A volcanic eruption.
River erosion.
A tsunami.
What did Carlos do first during his trip?
Participate in a donkey tour along the ridges.
Hike the trails of the Grand Canyon.
Watch a short film at the visitor center.
Find different spots to take photographs.
Why did Carlos return to some of the hot spots for photographs?
The sun angle and lighting influences photo quality.
He realized his camera wasn't working the first time.
He got lost and needed to retrace his footsteps.
He accidentally deleted all of his earlier photographs.
What did Carlos do with his pictures after his trip?
He had them developed and created an album.
He posted them on social media.
He framed the photos to decorate his home.
He used them as inspiration to write poetry.